intend to Pilot a Rochdale Revival at
his victory party in Rochdale George
Galloway was already promising another
win at a general election later this
year in a constituency with a 30% Muslim
electorate his focus on Gaza alongside
local issues W him nearly 40% of the
vote a mandate he told Al jazer he
intended to use I believe I'm speaking
for millions of people in Britain whose
hearts are broken whose guts are
wrenched by the slaughter in Gaza and
they are under represented to the point
almost of invisibility in the British
media minutes earlier and nearly 300
kilometers away Rishi sunak gave his
first ever live address from the Downing
Street Leon the focus what he called
poisonous efforts to divide British
Society MPS do not feel safe in their
homes long-standing parliamentary
conventions have been upended because of
safety
concerns and it is beyond alarming that
last night the Rochdale bar election
returned a candidate who dismisses the
horror of what happened on October the
7th who glorifies Hezbollah and is
endorsed by Nick Griffin the racist
former leader of the
BNP he also urged tougher policing of
pro Palestinian protests drawing a line
between demands for protection of
civilians and what he said were calls
for violent had Galloway dismissed that
as Party politics in an election year
from a prime minister he didn't respect
there's been much discussion of how much
can be read into wider British politics
from what's happened in Rochdale
byelections frequently give rise to
atypical results this one particularly
exceptional in that the two main parties
were beaten into third and fourth for
labor widely tipped to win the upcoming
election it was a slow motion disaster
from the moment it disowned its own
candidate last month for airing
anti-israeli conspiracy theories about
the October the 7th attacks Galloway
only won because labor didn't stand a
candidate I regret that we had to
withdraw our candidate and apologize to
voters in Rochdale but I took that
decision it was the right decision the
election of a politician like George
Galloway in a constituency like Rochdale
with an issue like Gaza to the four was
always going to attract attention the
intervention of the Prime Minister has
only heightened that Gaza likely to be
high on the agenda in the coming months
through to the next election at least
Harry foret Al jazer
Rochdale make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer